- System Description
We have noticed that after the pandemic occurred in 2020, people have been using online meeting services frequently as it is convenient and safer where they don’t talk to anyone directly. However, people get too attached to this benefit, which causes them to be extremely passive and even sometimes not paying attention to do something else. The consequences can be seen as the meeting hosts or presenters get cold audiences most of the time and it raises the frustration of not getting engaged with the audiences and the effectiveness of the meeting drops tragically. Therefore, we have decided to create this website to encourage our users to step out of their comfort, try something new with new people and create new memories, which hopefully can make our world less technologically but more frankly.

- What can it do ?
In order to reach our goal, out team has come up with several functions to allow authenticated users (after they successfully sign up, verify their email and sign in to our system) to create groups and view their details as well as delete groups or update a group if they are group's host. Users can also view all of their groups as well as all of the groups that they have not joined. We also provide users search functions for them to search for a particular group. More importantly, our system allows user to join in a group that they want or they can leave a group if they think that group is not suitable for them. To join a group, users just need to click on the Join option, a request will be sent to the group's host and the group host can whether accept or reject the request. If the request is accepted user will be added to a group, otherwwise, the request will be deleted. Moreover, users can also view their personal information and edit as well. 

- URL:  https://main.d1pbup927cj5ov.amplifyapp.com/ 
